Add breadcrumbs documentation (#3202)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  - A static **pathSegment** of value `settings` results in `example.com/settings`.
  - A dynamic **pathSegment** is prefixed with a colon and can load any value. Find out more about dynamic paths in Luigi [here](navigation-advanced.md#dynamically-changeable-paths).

### showBreadcrumbs
- - **type**: boolean

> - **description**: shows a breadcrumbs header for the node. See the [advanced navigation](navigation-advanced.md#breadcrumbs) document for more information.

Reviewer: if breadcrumbs configuration is setup, the breadcrumbs show for all nodes. This property allows disabling the breadcrumb for one particular node by setting it to `false` for that node.
```suggestion
- **description**: if breadcrumbs configuration is setup, the breadcrumbs show for all nodes. This property allows disabling the breadcrumb for one particular node by setting it to `false` for that node.. See the [advanced navigation](navigation-advanced.md#breadcrumbs) document for more information.
```

- - **example**:
```javascript
navigation: {
  nodes: [{
    pathSegment: 'home',

>     showBreadcrumbs: true, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    showBreadcrumbs: false, 
```
